# Sun-Vest
## Introduction
A platform enabling communities to invest in shared solar projects. Users can buy shares and track their energy savings.

## Project Overview
*Allows user to browse solar project listings, predicted energy generation, and personalized recommendations.
*The platform leverages Machine Learning to recommend projects based on the user’s previous investment behavior, location, preferences, and risk tolerance.
*Investors receive financial returns based on the amount of energy generated by their share and can reduce their electricity bills.
*Users can estimate future savings through our platform, which calculates cumulative cost savings, CO2 reductions, and ROI over time, ensuring transparency in financial and environmental impacts.
*Our models forecast energy generation for solar projects using historical data and weather patterns, enabling informed investment decisions.
*Shared solar projects promote environmental sustainability by increasing the use of renewable energy sources

## Technologies and Tools Used
* Programming Languages: Python, HTML, CSS 
* Libraries: Scikit-learn, Pandas, NumPy

## Dataset
The dataset used for this project is randomly generated from AI.
The dataset contains 9 columns that are:
1.	altitude_m: Altitude above sea level 
2.	dayl_s:  Day Length
3.	prcp_mm_d: Precipitation 
4.	sradW_m: Solar Radiation
5.	swe_kg_m: Snow Water Equivalent" 
6.	tmax_deg: Maximum temperature of the day 
7.	tmindeg: Minimum temperature of the day
8.	vpPa: Vapor pressure
9.	capacity_f: Capacity factor


## Contact
For questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out to: 

**Mehak Narang**
**Lakshita Joshi**
**Ashmit Shekhar**




